
# Artist from 2000 - 2012 (Highschool to Uni)
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6k27dwcMZ2ZY2fBDRr76TT # Am Fine
https://open.spotify.com/artist/61GpNXCcaeUQ72RbwD0S57 # Ab Normal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1ytUIldTE4urutroCmwsEr # Asanee & Wasan
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4w4spJOd1kdBZPkOTnfccH # Bang Kaew
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0x6cwE90aYe5YXaImt5MQj # Basketband
https://open.spotify.com/artist/76VTagPgPgPlFE7hfjT0Zt # Bodyslam
https://open.spotify.com/artist/31esXlsRlVAFFGS7lx4BOS # Boydpod
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7nXSDVE7Q2j4LEPIyj8wEP # Buachompoo
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1UYjFeWiTTiOfDRYvUmJul # Bird thongchai
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0GsileCtd1UjaVh4OpW7Qv # Big Ass
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6hkIpu5GwVjcv7l3xnxG8u # Blackhead
https://open.spotify.com/artist/27OaUzPoSIktzF5MnYPEmX # Boy Peacemaker
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7LiltnpnD4Q60750gWXrgB # BoydKosiyabong
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5rlTTe8s66xwopzOKJrA4n # Clash
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7omCr5aMOZAR4rL580d2kk # Crescendo
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1qz5HLBHOge1yHlMVAZ9hO # ETC.
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0gRwU1DXqqHTHN6LYcwdX4 # Endorphine
https://open.spotify.com/track/2kQBcFWCQH8HvgEXe4yLDU? # Emotion Town
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3Y1IqMgKZTXjsMyWOuxPPj # Flure
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7CzMBLyQY9hku8V1V2Mg7y # Fahrenheit
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2RevbPWMG1hwmJKwtqyLTN # Fly
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6LR5ycHWtXhviRy4VS15rc # Ford
https://open.spotify.com/artist/514K0z1r3agJbyK5VfqUGx # Friday
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4Ej2pPsEM2OBgioAijiysX # Gearknight
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3KwlB4zicf4oebBXS1O3yN # Good September
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2HVtGhO88wYqktLxpDIUI3 # Groove Rider
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0vFPtjKC5Mqd14ZbBPKfRZ # Hum
https://open.spotify.com/artist/41jwAewzkXzGnmQotCXQ4u # Hangman
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6Cw3EuXyCwIHPPXDxvSCye # Hyper
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2qPwQcHdnoKhMYehUOt7EM # I-Zax
https://open.spotify.com/artist/11MngTAHbVPlpdwzHkls17 # Inca
https://open.spotify.com/artist/34ZGMNLOhSd1bEkh83lV7k # Infamous
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6k1ekEfg7DnWc0FbMDY67I # Instinct
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7snpjvJC5juBW9R0Bw6Xqo # Kala
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3gf5D6ceCLptCRcbF53gMb # Koh Saxman
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5nzy0mrbBp1hCqBVJTAByK # Kanom Jeen

https://open.spotify.com/artist/0qv8of5go7MT97PHIrzoQH # Lanna kummin
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3CXZCvIZ9YjprJWs5qJbNK # Lydia
https://open.spotify.com/artist/68ASbzKA9iG2gd7JRfPD71 # Loso
https://open.spotify.com/artist/04IrPdUTB6kX3R5rDZxigG # Laolom
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5Ccl0uBJ0P6NZynEROl66r # Mai Charoenpura
https://open.spotify.com/artist/13n92kZdw0SdE5TuyCJIR0 # Motif
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3idQlYHIpkPc7NjGqeCerH # Mr Team
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2xuN796lJ8Oj4vsx2XiJqj # Modern dog
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4DEXXRyiMhDoHJKwbeFwoE # Neko Jump
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0pIkY4JPxd9EdJg4HEmo29 # Nop Ponchamni
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3XNAeoIYtSN9yN8Qffj0l0 # Maew Jirasak
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5i3LGWbAaVi24mVL0L9ipz # Marsha
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4ZjogtnnBRqb5H20LSz2uY # M Auttapon
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6StFaruKx0sSsNyvfc6LeY # Neo X
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2LIR0lyPHxeRbfGZI9IBl1 # Oh Seksun
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2TSyWXSQwvQLPQJbR6ryZX # Palaphol
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0OLFFoPfVpyftCaBX6pCTs # Pan Tanaporn
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3yfUy4dhvq5DwrSMsEE6od # Palmy
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6PzfeMetkoQYaQ5GgtInPO # Pang Nakarin
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6RQyog3L4JlA8t8Bf56otE # Potato
https://open.spotify.com/artist/32bq0Oy4ygWPR5ItUM5J5M # Paradox
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1pTiPuAABytFjsXsUwgsNE # Pause
https://open.spotify.com/artist/21GGkCJG1qIYnAe8rNUgvu # Peacemaker
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4mo2KIBy0Wh0TFaXKqo3F2 # Punch
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6UqRGRNs4WxS8381fSnVCD # Prikthai
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3JGC3LkYrwlrTscixVwY72 # Praw
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3I5FVAZIBGWvoKJ4cnqzyX # Rosirinthip
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3zSMaWnvUzyNlOW0Tj2s4N # Scrubb
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6vYrE84zYJwyIYzF2FwD0C # Senorita
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6w6iy5i5ZNnELYlqtxL5xw # Sib Lor
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0O1PT26a75ufY8WJSRgYBU # Sek Loso
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2xjp1njSsecnNhjgKZ35Ok # Sillyfools
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6TNTFjkJA8PhP16Ds7CZnz # Slot machine
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6rXuozdIQQOBBUf7AXVLz1 # Soul After Six
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2de8om9GjyJuMclZbGQw9O # Sofa
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1JUCILn2MCG4PYlJYX7H6J # Superglue
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2xjp1njSsecnNhjgKZ35Ok # Sillyfools
https://open.spotify.com/artist/04J71zC8wyU7q9jBcJqQzW # Sweet Mullet
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4ny9KnAsZA0U3JXE2cAOJL # Ster
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3zs0PPMZqKyqU6XyOzl4Lz # Tai Tanawut
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7rDdcCIz0abQeshcaoFVxp # Taxi
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1EyFHLShIbVJnSjLT6tea1 # The Peach Band
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4mjPiZmthhrzR8n8D9c9xE # The Rich man toy
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6c072WEAW4bDCE9af5oXS3 # Tea For Three
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2q5DYX0CL66UwvctC0FGnN # Thee Chaiyadej
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0chbYtd3nUpNVtnYhhvOb4 # Ultra Chuadz
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7gKlmrAWqrZaSXvGdgvHJk # Yarinda
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1fa8UQKF64cLmZaqgvY7xu # Zaza
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6f1tNwK04d6t8jFSOXGvrY # Zeal



https://open.spotify.com/artist/3G2W1t72hvjKcTaKYa0w5C # หวิว
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4n9aZleefLyCiDvlcmyOu9 # ปลื้ม
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6dF2FJwbrfjlKGEQi1bDbE # ศร
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6OouI56GQM8fizvIBtlPPW # เสือใหญ่


# Best Of Bakery
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1iEqwjanSPDjNmjE4t04kE


https://open.spotify.com/artist/6xjMWDeP0dDXrDrwecfHnD # Syam